Update Documentation in OpLifecycle (#23636)
microsoft/FluidFramework: packages/runtime/container-runtime/src/opLifecycle/README.md

> Grouped Batching can be disabled by setting `IContainerRuntimeOptions.enableGroupedBatching` to `false`.

Reviewer: Let's remove this line too

Author: Applied changes

> See [below](#how-it-works) for an example.

Reviewer: Does this link work?

Author: It didn't before so I fixed it.

Compressing a batch yields a batch with the same number of messages. It compresses all the content, shifting the compressed payload into the first op,
leaving the rest of the batch's messages as empty placeholders to reserve sequence numbers for the compressed messages.

> ### Single message batch update

Reviewer: I'd update this to emphasize the current reality more.  So before this paragraph, start `### Only single-message batches are compressed`.  Then under that heading you can explain how compression can only be enabled if Grouped Batching is enabled, and that it wasn't always this way, and explain about how compressing a multi-message batch would yield empty placeholder ops (btw we don't say "operations"), but we don't do that anymore (but we do support reading those ops still)

Author: Applied changes

## Compression

**Compression targets payloads which exceed the max batch size and it is enabled by default.**. The `IContainerRuntimeOptions.compressionOptions` property, of type `ICompressionRuntimeOptions` is the configuration governing how compression works.

`ICompressionRuntimeOptions` has two properties:

-   `minimumBatchSizeInBytes` – the minimum size of the batch for which compression should kick in. If the payload is too small, compression may not yield too many benefits. To target the original 1MB issue, a good value here would be to match the default maxBatchSizeInBytes (972800), however, experimentally, a good lower value could be at around 614400 bytes. Setting this value to `Number.POSITIVE_INFINITY` will disable compression.
-   `compressionAlgorithm` – currently, only `lz4` is supported.

Compression is relevant for both `FlushMode.TurnBased` and `FlushMode.Immediate` as it only targets the contents of the ops and not the number of ops in a batch. Compression is opaque to the server and implementations of the Fluid protocol do not need to alter their behavior to support this client feature.

### Only single-message batches are compressed

> The batch to compress has to have only one message and it yields a batch with a single message. It compresses all the content, storing the compressed payload into the first op.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The batch to compress has to have only one message and it yields a batch with a single message. It compresses all the content, replacing the op's original contents with the compressed payload and the appropriate metadata to indicate it's compressed.
```

Author: Applied changes

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
```

> ## How it works (Grouped Batching disabled) -Outdated-
> 
> ### Outdated - Main code no longer creates empty ops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Legacy behavior - Compression without Grouped Batching

### IMPORTANT - As of 2.20.0, we no longer compress ungrouped batches, but we do need to read such ops - read on to learn what these legacy ops look like
```

Or something like that

Author: Applied changes

+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+-----------------+
```

> ## Legacy begavior - How it works (Grouped Batching disabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Legacy behavior - How it used to work (Compression+Chunking without Grouped Batching)
```

Author: Applied changes
